so we finally get our first look at one
of our first plot points of oshio to
torah become to find out some stunning
revelations about Boo show with this
week's episode so according to what we
found out was is that oh she owes mother
is alive now this has kind of been like
one of the main things that's kind of
been brought up somewhat throughout the
series since the beginning because oshio
has always been showcased to be alone
like he's kind of alone he's just living
with his grandpa telling him stories
he's always been by herself as like his
parents are not around even with this
episode we get more characterization to
show finding out more about his mother
and then we kind of find out that his
mother is kind of resented by yokai
well-known famous demons know about his
mother and how his mother is still alive
so it goes to show you his mother's of
someone a very great importance but that
isn't just where the questions leave off
of supposedly she is alive and now this
opens up probably one of the main first
orcs we're going to be getting into when
it comes to show to Torah because if we
think about it since the beginning of
this series majority of the episodes
have kind of been what you can consider
episodic and even though it feels
episodic it really is not episodic at
the end of the day because there is
progression obvious progression taking
place in these episodes especially with
this week's episode of oshio to Torah
even though fundamentally it seems like
it's the exact same format from what we
have gotten used to from previous
episodes this episode is quite different
from the others especially with the
revelations of finding out more about
you know the mother of oshio to setting
up for future events that most likely
will happen maybe 10 to 15 episodes from
now and that's kind of what this episode
is really trying to do especially with
you know the exorcist a couple episodes
back you remember when he was introduced
that was also a very crucial set up for
the future of the series so obviously
these two things most likely might
intertwined later on down the road but
for now looking past that this episode
the premise of it like I said it's very
were compared to the previous episodes
you have it to wear a new monster demon
gets introduced its you know hurting who
shows friends Torah intervenes he helps
out oshio and then you see to wear their
connection grows closer for instance or
bonds are getting better and better by
the episode and so that's easy to tell
right there I mean anyone now after
seeing the past couple episodes for can
probably key in on to that and
understand what is going on there but
one thing I do want to point out though
is that as the series progresses on
we're starting to find out a little bit
more about this beast spear this spear
that seems to have its own mind of its
own that this is something I'm neglected
to actually talk about quite a bit when
it comes to this series because I've
just you know talked about the themes to
the premise to the characterization I'm
neglected to talk about the Beast Spears
so that's something I actually want to
really dive into right now since I
haven't talked about that much the Beast
spear from what we have seen as we know
when you show grabs it it gives him the
ability of kind of like a demon I yo
kind his hair grows out kind of like
going from you know hunter x hunter and
it looks really cool is you know
appearance and all that looks really
cool but there's a couple of things
we've noticed through the past couple
episodes are really standing out I
really cannot ignore it i have to dive
into now after seeing this episode the
beasts mirror has its own line it
interacts in does things without the
will of you show for instance it will go
out of its way to attack demons and it
will not listen to show for instance
oshio doesn't say go attack that demon
it doesn't tell the Beast be able to do
that but the Beast viewer goes out of
its way to do something like that so it
has its own will some form of willows
inside of it so if I had to assume like
you've always assuming I want to say
that there's some form of soul inside
that like maybe the previous master of
the beasts fear the dude that still
Torah in the past if I was doing my
assumptions about that in Furies I want
to assume that that nude soul was
probably in the Beast fear and that's
probably what's controlling it I think
that's what's going on here because we
never really felt out why the dude from
you know like uh shows ancestor why he
locked up Torah didn't really finish him
off because you'd fix or like that would
try to finish Torah off but for him to
lock them away it kind of symbolizes
that maybe Torah isn't that
add in the dude that long to look knew
he wasn't that bad to begin with and
maybe that's kind of why the Beast fear
avoids tour doesn't even attack him at
all when it comes to it moving at its
own will because think about this I mean
for this beast fear to have its own will
and doing its own things to attack
demons especially what we saw in this
episode you're thinking would go out of
its way to attack someone like Torah
since he's also a yokai and so this
makes it go on my theory that maybe the
original soul to do that use the beasts
fear most likely is inside of it and he
knows who Torah is it's not going to
attack him that is a good possibility
now besides that the episode it
progresses you know some of the romance
going on between Russia oh and the main
female character which is a given
because that's kind of how these old
showed and usually do is slowly builds
up that romance you also have it to
where you know the battle at the end of
the day or if he could set and said and
done everything's fine and the main
conflict was finished with this episode
so all that was said and done with this
episode the only thing that is episode
really you want to pull from it and get
from they carry over to the next week's
episode and further past that is that
the Beast beer continues to show that
has a little bit home when Torah you
know stands up and fights for a show it
shows you that their bonds are growing
closer also when you show rips off a
part of the beast spear like the red
robe part of the Beast beer it grows
imaginable power like the power is
insane and it could destroy anything
even a large beast on what we saw in
this episode so beast beer has a couple
of hidden secrets and potential that we
don't even know about now moving past
that you also have it to where at the
end we found out about the mother and
you know there's some form of hits that
maybe that's gonna be a future plot
point so that is pretty much everything
when it comes to this episode of oshio
to Torah let me know your thoughts in
the comments below you have a wonderful
day or nice wherever you live please be
safe chibi out